These testcases test the SELinux Security Module.

A kernel with SELinux configured, and SELinux policy and userspace
tools installed, are required to build and run the SELinux testsuite. 
Also, /usr/sbin should be included in PATH to ensure SELinux utilities
such as getenforce are found. The test_selinux.sh script adds /usr/sbin
to the PATH. 

You must first do a top-level 'make' and 'make install' to build and
install the LTP test harness, libraries and tools.
From the top of your LTP directory, i.e. .../ltp-full-<version>,
execute the following,
	make
	make install (must be root)

To build the testsuite, you must first compile the testcases and then 
install them. Thus, change into the selinux-testsuite directory
and from the command line execute the following,
	make 
	make install (must be root)

To run the testsuite, change to the top level directory within
the LTP tree. From the top level directory cd to the testscripts
directory and from the command line execute,
	./test_selinux.sh

to start the test_selinux.sh script. This script builds the test policy 
in the selinux-testsuite/policy directory and runs the testsuite.
After the testcases have completed, the test policy will be removed and
the original policy will be restored. Thus, if the test_selinux.sh
script is not allowed to complete, you will manually have to restore
your system's original policy. This can be done by changing
to the the selinux-testsuite/policy directory and from
the commandline, issue a "make cleanup" to remove the test policy
and restore the original policy.

Results of the test run can be found in the results directory,
which resides in the top-level LTP directory.
Currently, 3 files should exist in the results directory after 
the selinux-testsuite has been run,
	selinux   
	selinux.logfile
	selinux.outfile

The 'selinux' file is known as the active-file.
It contains tgas, pids, and commands being run.
The 'selinux.logfile' contains exit information for each command run.
The 'selinux.outfile' contains all test output. 
